urpmi: add pages (#12025)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/urpmq.md

# urpmq

> > Mageia's command for querying information about packages and media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Query information about packages and media in Mageia.
```

> > Mageia's command for querying information about packages and medias.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Mageia's command for querying information about packages and media.
```

> See also: `urpmi`, `urpmi.update`, `urpmi.addmedia`, `urpmi.removemedia`, `urpmf`, `urpme`.
> More information: <https://wiki.mageia.org/en/URPMI#urpmq>.

- Display information about an installable package:

`urpmq -i {{package}}`

> - Display direct dependecies of a package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display direct dependencies of a package:
```

`urpmq --requires {{package}}`

> - Display direct and indirect dependecies of a package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display direct and indirect dependencies of a package:
```
